menuconfig CORESIGHT
	bool "CoreSight Tracing Support"
	help
	  CoreSight components are compliant with the ARM CoreSight
	  architecture specification and can be connected in various
	  topologies to suite a particular SoCs tracing needs. These trace
	  components can generally be classified as sources, links and
	  sinks. Trace data produced by one or more sources flows through
	  the intermediate links connecting the source to the currently
	  selected sink.

	  This framework provides an interface for the CoreSight debug and
	  trace drivers to register themselves with. It's intended to build
	  up a topological view of the CoreSight components and configure
	  the right series of components on user input via sysfs. It also
	  provides status information to user space applications through
	  sysfs interface.

	  If unsure, say 'N' here to avoid potential power, performance and
	  memory penalty.

if CORESIGHT

config HAVE_CORESIGHT_SINK
	bool

if HAVE_CORESIGHT_SINK

config CORESIGHT_STM_DEFAULT_ENABLE
	bool "Turn on STM tracing by default"
	depends on CORESIGHT_STM
	help
	  Turns on CoreSight STM tracing (hardware assisted software
	  instrumentation based tracing) by default. Otherwise, tracing is
	  disabled by default but can be enabled via sysfs.

	  If unsure, say 'N' here to avoid potential power and performance
	  penalty.

config CORESIGHT_ETM_DEFAULT_ENABLE
	bool "Turn on ETM tracing by default"
	depends on CORESIGHT_ETM
	help
	  Turns on CoreSight ETM tracing (processor tracing) by default.
	  Otherwise, tracing is disabled by default but can be enabled via
	  sysfs.

	  If unsure, say 'N' here to avoid potential power and performance
	  penalty.

config CORESIGHT_ETM_PCSAVE_DEFAULT_ENABLE
	bool "Turn on PC saving by default"
	depends on CORESIGHT_ETM
	help
	  Turns on program counter saving on reset by default. Otherwise,
	  PC saving is disabled by default but can be enabled via sysfs.

	  If unsure, say 'N' here to avoid potential power penalty.

endif
endif
